Follow the instructions here to install Jupyter Notebook
https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html
The documentation is also helpful if you want more information.

Jupyter Notebook is installed via Anaconda, a platform that automatically
installs Python and the Natural Language ToolKit (NLTK) as well.
https://www.continuum.io/downloads
The installation might take a while (15+ minutes), so prepare this in advance.
It installs tons of other useful libraries and dependencies that serve NLTK,
but that are also useful for your other, future projects with Python.

Make sure to use the Python 3.6 version of Anaconda, for the correct bit-version
of your computer.
If you're not sure what your bit-version is, try http://whatsmyos.com/
Otherwise Google 'what bit version is my computer'.

Run the setup file of Anaconda.
Leave everything at default, and make sure that
- Add Anaconda to my PATH environment variable
- Register Anaconda as my default Python 3.6
are checked (this is by default).
This removes one potential source of errors.

After installation, open a terminal (Google 'open terminal [operating system]')
and try:
jupyter notebook

This should launch the application, now the installation is successful.

Download the Notebook files and launch Jupyter.
Navigate to a file and open it.
Or ask for cool terminal tricks to avoid the manual navigation.

Note that from now on everything you do and changes you make is local.
This means that your files will be different from others' and the original files,
so results and errors might vary.
In case of a total disaster, you can redownload the original files and start over.

Advanced note: we use Jupyter Notebook as it allows for tutorial-style coding
and splits up the code into separately runnable parts more easily.
If you prefer using Python in its original form (using some editor and running
scripts from the command line), this is also possible through Anaconda.
It will be clunky to work with, as all code is ran at once, but it might be more
flexible for your own projects.
